Added support for API keys. (#408)
crate/croud: docs/configuration.rst

:``profiles``:

    A dictionary of available profiles. There is just one profile configured in the
    default configuration file. You would only need different profiles if you want to

>     authenticated as different users or use different default organisations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    authenticate as different users or use different default organizations.
```
